h2. Change log

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-2-000: 2/12/2010

* FSMController: Added StateTransitionError Throwing for when
  actioning or cancelling transitions from inappropriate phases
* FSMController: If a transition is actioned during a permitted
  transition phase, then the action is scheduled to be sent
  immediately the transition cycle is over
* SignalTransitionController: overriden isTransitioning setter
  to pass value on to FSMController
* SignalTransitionController: sets FSMController's transitionPhase
  property during transition() method
* TransitionPhases: Const Class for FSMController's transitionPhase
  property
* Reinstated Extended Signals for better type checking in tests.

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-1-001: 18/11/2010

* SignalStateDecoder: renamed to SignalXMLStateDecoder
* SignalXMLStateDecoder: renamed hasClass to hasCommandClass
* SignalXMLStateDecoder: renamed getClass to getCommandClass

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-1-000: 18/11/2010

* Brought in line with Robotlegs v1.4.0.
* Brought in line with Signals v0.8.0.

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-0-002: 16/11/2010

* FSMController: removed Signal subclasses in favour of Signals.
* SignalState: removed Signal subclasses in favour of Signals.

h3. AS3-Signal-StateMachine-for-Robotlegs-V0-0-001: 16/11/2010

* SignalFSMInjector: added a helper class to simplify injection of the statemachine.
* ISignalFSMController: split into IFSMController and IFSMControllerOwner.
* IFSMController: outward-facing interface, added currentStateName getter.
* IFSMControllerOwner: inward-facing interface, added setCurrentState method.
* FSMController: renamed from SignalFSMController, and implemented new interfaces

